README.md, before:

This repository contains the site configuration for the Freifunk Aachen Gluon
firmware.

This branch is compatible to Gluon v2022.1.x which is based on OpenWRT 22.03

This config uses the upstream `gluon-mesh-vpn-wireguard` [^gluon-meshvpn] implementation.
Registration of the wireguard keys is done using a custom `wg-registration` package which sends the key through POST to our broker.

Firmware can be built using `make manifest` or `make sign` if a key for signing the manifest is existing in the home directory at `${HOME}/.gluon-secret-key`.
A single target can be built using:

`make build GLUON_TARGETS=lantiq-xrx200`

## CHANGELOG
The [CHANGELOG](./CHANGELOG.md) can be found [here](./CHANGELOG.md)

## Update site.mk packages

To update the site.mk packages, the `genpkglist.py` can be executed from the build server like:

```console
~/site-ffac$ ./contrib/genpkglist.py
```

The output must then be appended to the end of the `site.mk`

Currently outdated further information can be found in the Freifunk Wiki[^wiki]



[^wiki]: https://wiki.freifunk.net/Freifunk_Aachen/Firmware#Dokumentation
[^gluon-meshvpn]: https://gluon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/features/vpn.html#wireguard

Commit message:

set makefile to build from master - update patches for gluon master - update README

README.md, after:

This repository contains the site configuration for the Freifunk Aachen Gluon
firmware.

This is the `next` branch which is compatible to Gluon master.

Nothing is guaranteed here, it might get force-pushed from time to time to be rebased onto v2022.1.x.
It provides an option to test devices which are available in Gluon's master branch but are not released yet.

This config uses the upstream `gluon-mesh-vpn-wireguard` [^gluon-meshvpn] implementation.
Registration of the wireguard keys is done using a custom `wg-registration` package which sends the key through POST to our broker.

Firmware can be built using `make manifest` or `make sign` if a key for signing the manifest is existing in the home directory at `${HOME}/.gluon-secret-key`.
A single target can be built using:

`make build GLUON_TARGETS=lantiq-xrx200`

## CHANGELOG
The [CHANGELOG](./CHANGELOG.md) can be found [here](./CHANGELOG.md)

## Update site.mk packages

To update the site.mk packages, the `genpkglist.py` can be executed from the build server like:

```console
~/site-ffac$ ./contrib/genpkglist.py
```

The output must then be appended to the end of the `site.mk`

Currently outdated further information can be found in the Freifunk Wiki[^wiki]



[^wiki]: https://wiki.freifunk.net/Freifunk_Aachen/Firmware#Dokumentation
[^gluon-meshvpn]: https://gluon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/features/vpn.html#wireguard
